bl
I my name is Hirao twenty Hirata
I'm there is something different from the person I noticed Irunda
I am aware that I am a person in a manga
If there is no lyrics in the world there is no one
What kind of character should I do in the first place ?
If it is a manga, it seems that it may be good if it first appears as a rival
Was armor Boruhiroto large rose God if I have three I'm not 's place where this person is not home
Archer bunch
Hey'm what sitting next to put in the meshed No it than you and what in the first place
Even if you don't admit that you're a rival, I love your rival in love
Be sure to win before
The one by car there are dumping people that by chan you not Hyotchao that put you Chao'm black
Let's not get rid of
I'm not is' s by-chan if I have this person Toka God
Softening Yabee acquaintance table that spoke to me while also feed after God like whether through this person
Chau I suddenly standing enemies Ma'
It was fine
It was a stupid idiot, but it seems like it looks pretty if it is understood that kind of setting
It 's more than Yo-chan, it's pretty, isn't it- my lover or more
And pick up a booby prize stars you were what the Constitution runs to Kyu and 6 I what kind of study Kana
or ground clearance it was when no one say Datte qpon is to say
May God be a Tokyo man not a lifetime
Well who was the teacher
Principal is such a cheering Well then, however Constitution Kakaa
If you understand that, something will come true
3 something beach original from being steel
Both here to put the viewing is not wet g 4 Chapter Oh What amazing this tooth feeling evil Jacquet
It feels totally unreceived at all to make this church which was 323 already
It was not
To suffer this guy 0 pants
I 'm not going to lose out of the Constitution, I guess.
evans
The is the more I thought'm What Yeah kun a not regret in such a life is me you pants now
Shouted
What'll I like that my constitution I just struck Sha's opinion the book review opinion intoxicated move km and homo the
It is a lie if
It looks like a pretty cute name write me a place
What a guts pose I 'm already 12
Maeda is a devil, maybe the day is near
We will see right course of that'm devil Soka defeat it talk barely or my purpose
God is not a demon of this person- maybe it 's not like maybe
This guy stand and from the flow of until now is the devil's Yoa'annara so I thought Zehnder yet
It had chewed These guys Di
Right?
But today I 'm going to pile up flights , or is it your life ah ah
Something is already over Koiza
I mean, this is also a customer